50,000 people used to live here now it's
a ghost town
so-called leaders rusty to the duster
the good news first the world's in great
shape we've got a civil war in Russia
government loyalists against ultra
nationalist rebels and 15,000 nukes at
stake just another day at the office
Colet on Assad currently the second most
powerful man in the Middle East now word
on the street is he's got the minerals
to be top dog down there Intel's keeping
an eye on it and the bad news we've got
a new guy joining us today
fresh air selection he's name son good
to see you mate take one of the rifles
from the table you know the drill go to
station one and aim your rifle down
range now aim your rifle downrange shoot
each other all aiming down sights lovely
now xiu'er the targets while firing from
the hip now I'm going to block the
targets with a sheet of plywood I want
you to shoot the targets through
thing week materials like wood plaster
and sheet metal now I'm going to make
the targets pop up one at a time here
all of them as fast as you can a good
job mate now go get a sidearm from the
armory good now switch to your rifle now
pull out your sidearm
remember switch into your pistol is
always faster than reloading using your
knife is even faster than switching to
your pistol nice the war melon nice your
fruit killing skills are remarkable
captain price wants to see you
you
it's the FNG sir
no easy answers it's fun to have a
regimen all right
what the hell kind of name is soap or a
muppet like you pass selection
soap it's your turn for the CQB test
everyone else head to observation for
this test you have to run the cargo-ship
Solo in less than 60 seconds
gas holds the current squadron record at
19 seconds good luck
climb the ladder over there
pick up that mp5 and for flashbacks oh
my go I want you to rope down to the
deck and rush to position one after that
you will storm down the stairs to
position to then hit position three and
four
following my precise instructions at
each position grab the rope when you're
ready go go go hit the targets flash
break through the door position five go
hit the targets
six go flashbang through the door
you should go sprint to the finish
pretty good soap but I've seen better
climb up the ladder if you want another
go gentlemen the cargo-ship mission is a
go get yourself sorted out wheels up at
Oh two hundred dismissed
you